Team White?
1 HOUR AGO
I'm resigning as parent rep
for Team White.
You're resigning?
Yes.
I hurt my knee
while chopping wood the other day,
so Dong-pyo's grandma will fill in for me.
Listen, I may not look it,
but I was on the relay team
at Shinsu Primary School back in 1967.
I almost made it
to the National Sports Festival.
Don't worry about a thing.
In 1967?
When I was 12.
I see.
30 MINUTES AGO
It's time to unleash
my Story Slayer skills.
Mr. Hong, what do you think justice means?
Justice?
"Justice."
"Fiat justitia ruat caelum."
"Let justice be done,
though the heavens fall."
That's what Kant said.
In other words, following the rules
shouldn't depend on the situation.
It's a virtue that must be practiced
no matter how bad
the consequences might be.
I drew this white ball
in front of the students.
But to reverse that decision just because
it disadvantages your team?
That violates the very rules
we established ourselves.
Wow.
Were you always this smart?
You're always so quiet. I had no idea.
You've got a way with words.
Now then, I'll get straight to the point.
I, Yoon Bom, will remain
on Team White as originally decided.
This decision isn't for any other reason.
It's because, as an ethics teacher,
I need to show my students
what real justice looks like--
Sure. Go ahead, then.
Sorry?
Fine, have it your way.
Team White, are you ready to win?
Let's go!
-Let's go!
Hey, Sun Han-gyul.
Did you seriously play me?
No.
Se-jin clearly said
Ms. Bom was on Team Blue.
Here we go. Let's do this.
-Let's go, Team White!
-There you go!
-Let's go!
Let's go.
What's going on?
Didn't you say your teacher
was on Team Blue?
Who cares if she's on Team Blue or White?
There's only one thing
you need to care about.
Me. Don't you know that?
I just thought you were both on Team Blue,
so I was going to do everything
to help you both win.
-Nope.
-Warm up.
I'm hoping she loses.
Your hands too.
-Watch your wrists.
-Do you know
why she came down here from Seoul?
How do you know?
What the heck? How do you know?
Did Dad tell you?
So I had Secretary Jung look into it,
and there's a reason why Se-jin's teacher
volunteered to come here from Seoul.
Why? What happened?
It seems like she had some issues
with a man.
What? Unbelievable.
Oh, right.
Apparently she's
actress Jeong Nan-hee's daughter.
That explains it.
I thought she was pretty.
So what is it? What did she do wrong?
Gosh, it's nasty.
Something with a parent,
that kind of thing.
Oh, my goodness.
Don't tell anyone what you just said.
Got it?
Then you have to win.
Let me beat Evil Han-gyul,
and I'll do whatever you say.
Okay.
Now, let's kick off
Shinsu High's sports festival
with the first event.
First up is the relay race.
Isn't this exciting already?
Absolutely. Keep an eye
on Oh Dong-pyo from Team White,
a 12-second 100-meter sprinter.
Choi Se-jin from Team Blue,
who runs 100 meters in 15 seconds.
Oh Dong-pyo's grandmother, Yang Bok-hee,
is in the race,
as Team White's parent rep.
We've got Sun Han-gyul,
our school's top student,
and Yoon Bom, the faculty's
young up-and-coming ethics teacher.
TEAM WHITE
Team White's lineup is spectacular.
Team Blue also has a strong lineup.
Hong Jung-pyo, science teacher
and Director of Academics.
Kim Min-guk, Shinsu High's prankster,
and Seo Hye-suk, parent representative,
who teaches Korean.
TEAM BLUE
You never know who'll win until it's over.
That's why not giving up
until the last second
can be a key strategy.
That's right.
What's all this?
Do you think this is the Olympic finals
or something?
What?
Do I look too cool
for you to recognize me?
Relay runners, come forward!
Let's go.
What?
Just because the situation's changed
doesn't mean our promise changes.
I am
counting on you, Uncle.
Han-gyul, about me not--
Oh, dear. Wait.
You hurt your leg chopping wood.
Why are you out here?
Leave the parent rep job to me
and go rest in the stands. Now!
Go on!
-Wait, but...
-Let's step off the field.
-But--
-Come on, it's starting.
Ms. Bom. I...
-Hey.
-Come on.
Did I hear that wrong?
-First runner...
-Dong-pyo's grandma is running?
-Take position!
-You got this!
Ms. Bom.
"Fiat justitia ruat caelum," right?
Let's give it our all and run.
Let's see if justice will be done.
Geez, let's just watch.
Go, Han-gyul!
On your marks...
His uncle is... not participating?
Go!
Yoon Bom's start was late.
Wow, Hong Jung-pyo's off to a great start.
He's not letting
the young Yoon Bom get ahead at all.
Swing your arms!
Yoon Bom is picking up speed now.
Run!
She's making a move for the lead!
Here comes Yoon Bom!
No.
Hey, look!
Foul!
Hong Jung-pyo, that's not right.
What's happening?
Yoon Bom's form has collapsed.
Hong Jung-pyo is pulling ahead again.
Seriously, dang it!
Seriously?
And there it is. Seo Hye-suk
and Yang Bok-hee got the batons.
It's Dong-pyo's grandma.
-Ma'am.
SUN HAN-GYUL,
THE BEST IN THE UNIVERSE
-Ma'am.
-Oh, ma'am.
What? Ma'am.
Oh, no.
What's happening here?
Is Yang Bok-hee really going
at full speed?
Is Team White losing
yet another chance to take the lead?
Go! Faster!
What are you going to do, Evil Han-Gyul?
Looks like I'll be cutting
the finish ribbon.
-Now, the third runners...
-Let's go.
...are getting ready.
Han-gyul, go.
Let's go.
Ma'am, pass it to Han-gyul.
Run!
Han-gyul!
-Run!
-Let's go!
ALREADY A WINNER IN LOOKS
-Why is he that fast?
-Wait.
-Sun Han-gyul!
What's this?
Sun Han-gyul
is catching up to Kim Min-guk.
Sun Han-gyul, you drive me crazy!
You've settled in my heart!
Sun Han-gyul's really driving us crazy.
He's ruthless to the opposing team.
Oh, is this a comeback?
A comeback!
-Sun Han-gyul takes the lead!
-He's ahead!
You got this!
Run!
Han-gyul.
Here.
What just happened?
The baton flew away!
You asked me last time
if my intentions were good or evil.
Once the sports festival ends,
you'll know the answer.
GO, TEAM BLUE!
TEAM BLUE HAN-GYUL
Hey.
That dog...
I can't believe this.
-Se-jin, hurry!
-Go!
Whose dog is that?
CAPTAIN
Let go! Hey, drop it!
Let go, you fool!
Dong-pyo, what are you doing?
Let go.
Run, Dong-pyo! Go, Dong-pyo!
Finally, Oh Dong-pyo got the baton
and is chasing Choi Se-jin.
Faster! Swing your arms!
But it'll be tough
to catch up to Choi Se-jin.
You got this, Se-jin!
That's right.
Choi Se-jin crosses the finish line
and claims victory!
I-jun, I won!
I crushed Evil Han-gyul!
Good job, kiddo.
Han-gyul.
How was I supposed
to take the baton like that?
How could you not catch that thing?
I told you to keep your eyes
on the baton during practice.
You've really got some nerve saying that.
Oh, gosh.
Are you okay?
It looks like my artificial joints
are completely messed up.
I don't think I can run anymore.
Stop scaring people here.
Go somewhere else and calm down, okay?
Please, I have to go now.
What a thrilling start
from the first event.
That's right.
I can't wait for the next event.
With that, Team Blue takes the point
in the first relay event.
TEAM BLUE
We'll take a short break and be back
after the commercials.
You're watching
Shinsu High's sports festival,
filled with passion,
here at the Shinsu High School main field.
SHINSU HIGH
GOVERNOR CHOI CHANG-WOO
-Good work.
Bom.
See? The whole thing
about your knee injury was a lie.
Bom.
I had to lie because--
Probably because of me.
How did you know?
Mr. Sun.
Can't you keep
personal feelings out of this?
Even if there was tension between us,
that shouldn't hurt the team.
Gosh.
That's not the reason.
Of course,
I may have lost my temper with you.
I admit that.
But there was a good reason
for me to act that way.
What is the reason?
You want to know?
Yes.
Then... win the medal for Bom-sik.
I'll tell you why
on the day Bom-sik gets the medal.
Just because the situation's changed
doesn't mean our promise changes.
No.
Are you going to break the promise
you made to Bom-sik as his dad?
Bom.
Look, I'm Sun Jae-gyu.
When I promise something,
I stick to it, no matter what.
But?
But...
the promises got all twisted.
If I keep this one, it breaks the other,
and vice versa.
It's driving me crazy, you know?
If that's your final decision...
I get it.
Wait, Bom.
-What are you doing?
-Oh, my.
What's wrong with me?
Maybe I pushed myself too hard
in the relay.
Since my legs have given out already,
I'll say a few things like this.
Dong-pyo's grandmother's dream
was to be a relay runner
at the National Sports Festival.
The 12-year-old girl
wanted to wear a medal
around her neck someday.
After all these years,
she now has artificial joints
and can't even run freely anymore.
Don't you want to put a medal...
around that girl's neck?
Please don't crush...
Ms. Yang Bok-hee's dream...
that she's held on to for 70 years.
Please?
I am...
counting on you, Uncle.
I can't.
Darn it.
Gosh.
Last time, for real.
It's really the last time.
Let me say just one last thing,
and I'll be out of your way.
PLEASE FIND MY DAUGHTER
COMING TO THEATERS THIS MAY
I have a question for you, Ji-woo.
How was it working
with actress Choi Jeong-hee?
We really clicked, like childhood friends.
You can look forward to it.
Ms. Jeong Nan-hee.
Yes, go ahead.
This is your first project in five years.
Was there a particular reason
your big screen comeback took so long?
Among all the scripts coming in,
it's not easy to find one
that really feels right for me.
As I read the script,
it reminded me of everything
I shared with my daughter.
It all felt like my own story,
so I had no reason to turn it down.
Speaking of your daughter,
didn't she teach
at Munsong High School in Gangnam?
Not sure if you heard,
but there was a small incident
at Munsong High last year.
In class, a parent and a female teacher--
Please DM me for personal questions.
I feel a little uncomfortable taking away
attention from the other actors.
Does anyone have a question
for the director?
Yes, I have a question for the director.
Your last film was loved
by eight million people...
All right.
TEACHERS' OFFICE
She should make sure to eat properly.
Running around on an empty stomach
isn't good for you.
Make sure you eat your meals.
It tastes exactly
like what I was looking for.
Especially the bittersweet aftertaste.
No restaurant has recreated that taste.
Seriously? You'll give me
the secret recipe?
Now, the players from both teams
are entering the field.
If Team Blue wins the tug-of-war,
they take the victory.
That's right.
Except for soccer,
Team Blue got every point.
This contest is really important
for Team White.
Jjun, pull yourself together.
Why are you so out of it? Jjun?
I was briefly confused
about which line to get in.
Now it's all clear.
Everyone, take your positions
like we practiced!
To positions!
Let's forget about the ones who left.
Let's do our best until the end.
Let's go!
-Let's go!
RODIN'S THE THINKER
Last time, for real.
It's really the last time.
Let me say just one last thing,
and I'll be out of your way.
I actually came here
not because of Bom-sik, or the kids...
or Dong-pyo's grandmother.
I...
need you, Mr. Sun.
Say that again,
one more time.
Last time, for real.
It's really the last time.
No, not that part.
What did you...
just say?
Mr. Sun, you're...
the one
I really need.
The one you really need.
Judging by their games so far,
I'd say Team Blue has
a bit of an advantage in tug-of-war.
Yes, I agree.
On top of that, Yang Bok-hee's out,
so Team White is one player short.
How will Team White
deal with this setback?
All eyes are on this next game.
The game is about to start.
TEAM WHITE
TEAM BLUE
Get ready, set...
That's not right.
What? What is it?
What's happening, everyone?
Sun Jae-gyu has appeared!
Is he joining the team?
This changes everything.
No one can predict
how the game will play out.
I'm stepping in...
as Team White's parent rep.
Mr. Sun.
Uncle!
Master.
Geez, Uncle.
Today's chant
is "Hey, ho."
When I say "Hey," you shout...
-Ho!
Tug-of-war isn't about using your arms.
It's all in your legs.
Keep your core tight until the end.
Tighten your glutes and thighs.
Heave, ho!
-Heave, ho!
Got it?
-Yes, sir!
The game starts on the referee's signal.
-Heave, ho!
-Hey, ho!
-Hey.
-Ho!
-Heave, ho!
The cheers from both sides
echo across the field.
-Heave, ho!
-Hey!
-Ho!
-Heave, ho!
-Hey.
-Ho!
We thought Team White had an advantage...
-Uncle.
-...with the new player.
It's a close match.
-Hey!
-Ho!
-Heave, ho!
-Hey, ho!
-Hold!
-Heave, ho!
Hold!
This is why I can't trust you.
You always make people trust you
and then betray them.
You're the one who betrayed me.
I'm the one
who should be resentful, not you.
You're the smartest in school,
but you can't think straight?
Pay the toll.
Gosh.
What?
Wow, he's loaded.
Damn it. Who are you?
Sun Jae-gyu?
Stay right there.
Pick that up.
Yeah, give it to him.
You guys.
Choi I-jun is someone
I respect as my parenting mentor.
If anyone touches him at Haechon High,
you'll have to get past me first.
Is that clear?
Got it.
Bye.
"Read the following poem
and answer the questions."
Aren't you going home?
What's your deal, following me here?
Cooperation.
Cooperation?
You protect me, and I teach you.
HAECHON
CHOI I-JUN
I think this makes it
a fair trade between us.
No need.
I'm not going to college.
If I ever get money,
I'll get extra formula for Han-gyul.
I don't have any money for tuition,
and no time to read any books.
Stop talking nonsense and go.
I'll take care of the tuition.
You?
If you don't have time
to read, then listen.
"Because I, a poor man,
love beautiful Natasha,
the snow falls endlessly tonight."
"Going to the mountains
doesn't mean you're losing to the world."
"You throw away
the world because it's dirty."
"Going to the mountains
doesn't mean you're losing to the world."
"You throw away
the world because it's dirty."
I've never come in second
or felt regret in my life.
And my very first regret
was helping you back then,
Sun Jae-gyu.
Are you done talking?
I was holding back because a short show
would be rude to the viewers.
But I'm wrapping it up now, okay?
The two teams are still deadlocked,
and they're completely worn out.
At this point, they need to settle this.
Hey!
Ho!
Hey, ho!
With one powerful tug from Sun Jae-gyu,
Team Blue crumbles.
And just like that, it's over.
Darn it.
Sun Jae-gyu is truly amazing.
Just replacing one parent
completely changed things.
Team White was on the edge.
But now they've regained momentum.
It's impossible to tell who'll win.
Blue and White are neck and neck
right up to the end.
Where did everyone go?
Who are you?
Oh, sorry.
Well...
I'm...
I'm here to see Mr. Sun Jae-gyu.
I see.
Han-gyul has a sports festival at school,
so everyone's there.
If it's urgent, should I give him a call?
No.
I'll call him myself.
Well, then.
Who is she?
Is she the woman he mentioned earlier?
THAT WOMAN
The score's tied at 2 to 2.
Whoever wins the last round
will claim the victory.
Mr. Wi Jeong-hwan,
which team do you think will win?
Yes, it seems Team White
has the upper hand
after winning the previous game.
Having Sun Jae-gyu
really turned the tide for them.
What do you think, Principal?
I'm confident Team Blue
will come out on top.
There's a reason.
We've seen how inconsistent
Team White's play has been.
On the other hand, Team Blue
has earned many points
thanks to their steady performance.
That's right. And as we speak,
the final event
of Shinsu High's sports festival,
the piñata game, is kicking off.
You've worked hard keeping up
with the tough training. Great job.
Since this is the final game,
blow off all the stress
you've been holding back.
Toss it cursing at someone you hate,
or shout out what you've been holding in
as you toss.
Have fun and throw your heart out.
I'll take care...
of everything else, got it?
-Yes, sir!
You're the one in charge of the outcome.
Throw as hard as you can.
Let's meet at the top.
Go, Team Blue!
-Let's go!
Let's go.
Let's go!
It's not about the wrist.
It's all about the snap, okay?
Pinch it, like this.
Clench your fist.
Picture the face of the jerk
you want to curse at.
"Get the hell out of my sight!"
Try it.
I can't say that around students.
Try it. That doesn't even count
as swearing.
Hey, aim properly.
Straight!
Work harder!
Harder!
Get the hell out of my sight!
Good job. One more time.
One more time?
Team White is finally landing hits.
They're gaining on Team Blue.
It's not my fault I'm ugly!
It's not like I want my grades to suck!
I have no idea what I want to be!
I'll get a boyfriend!
Right now, Team Blue's piñata
is starting to open up.
It's open!
Look at Team Blue.
Oh, my.
Hurry.
Who will claim the final victory
at Shinsu High's sports festival?
CONGRATULATIONS, TEAM WHITE WINS
The victory goes to Team White!
Team White!
Team White's piñata opens first.
The final score is 3 to 2.
After a fierce battle,
the ultimate victory
at the Shinsu High Sports Festival goes to
-Team White!
CONGRATULATIONS, TEAM WHITE WINS
SPORTS FESTIVAL CHAMPION
Traitor.
You little punk.
You can't call your uncle a traitor.
Since the day I was born,
I've never gone back on a promise to you.
You told me not to swear,
so I didn't even utter a harsh word.
You told me to stay out of trouble,
so I didn't even touch
a cigarette or alcohol.
You told me to listen to teachers,
so I even gave in to Hong Jung-pyo.
But how could my one and only family
break a promise with me?
Why did you do that?
Just why?
I don't know.
You don't know?
Yes.
I don't know why I ran around like crazy
and went out to the field,
breaking a promise
to my one and only nephew.
I don't even understand myself.
So why did you try so hard to lose?
Like you said,
I'm your one and only family.
Do you really think I didn't know
you threw the baton on purpose?
I don't know.
You don't know?
Just like you, I have no idea.
I just...
want to see her smile.
That's all I want to see.
It's the same for me.
I'm the best
No, Bom-sik is the best.
I got the medal
SHINSU HIGH
SUN JAE-GYU
I got the medal.
No, Bom-sik's Dad did!
Everyone can see I'm totally killing it
All right
Sun Jae-gyu.
What a killer guy.
How can he get more attractive
the more I look?
Smooth surface.
Solid frame.
Even that sparkling night dew.
Back off, Yoon Bom.
You want to know?
Yes.
Then win the medal for Bom-sik.
I'll tell you why
on the day Bom-sik gets the medal.
Geez, this mouth of mine is the problem.
Even if it was urgent,
I shouldn't have made a stupid promise.
I'm embarrassed to tell the truth,
but I feel guilty to lie.
What do I tell him tomorrow?
The multi-purpose youth culture center
I'm planning is...
We can use this section
for the press release.
If you're going to include
the sports festival footage,
let's include Se-jin
crossing the finish line in the relay.
Come on.
Wait, right here.
My goodness.
You don't cry even when you fail exams.
Se-jin.
You're no different.
There's no one on my side in our family.
I'll make up for it.
What can you do with a lost game?
You lost the sports festival,
but you still have the finals.
I'll sit with you
and tutor you personally, okay?
Really?
No, forget it.
I mean it.
I'll make sure you get first place
for the whole school on the finals, okay?
What's wrong?
Se-jin?
Keep it if you want.
There's no room for this stupid medal
in our house.
You don't want it?
Fine, it's not gold anyway.
It's just metal.
Forget that stupid sports festival
that doesn't affect your grades
and focus on your finals.
Eat up.
This is why you can't beat me.
Studying is a stamina game.
Crying out of frustration
drains your energy. How would you beat me?
Sun Han-gyul.
Do you...
like me?
Oh, my goodness.
Bom-sik scored two wins.
-I kept my promise, okay?
-I did too.
Once you fill out
the animal registration form,
the adoption is complete.
Which of you will be taking him home?
-Me.
-I will.
Why would you take Bom-sik?
Of course Mom should take him.
He's named after me, "Bom-sik."
Come on, that's nonsense.
I was the first to know about Bom-sik.
I rescued him from the landslide
and pulled him out of the drain.
Haven't you two agreed
on who's going to raise him?
Doctor...
I should be the one raising Bom-sik.
I may not look it,
but I've raised a newborn
into a proper high school student.
Doctor.
I'm a teacher with a degree in education.
With years of experience
guiding teenagers,
I'm confident I can support
Bom-sik's growth and development.
Only one person can register the animal.
I might give up on other stuff,
but I could never give him up.
I can't give up
on this little guy either, Doctor.
Bom-sik.
No, it's okay. Everything's fine.
I'm sorry. We shouldn't be doing this
in front of a kid.
Don't cry.
Give it to me, please.
ANIMAL REGISTRATION, CHANGE REQUEST
Twice a week.
Since I gave up custody,
you have to let me visit him.
All right, are you ready to be discharged?
Stop right there.
Didn't you promise to tell me the reason
when we put the medal on Bom-sik?
Did I?
Promises are meant to be kept.
Fine, I'll keep my promise.
I said I'd tell you
on the day we put the medal on,
but I never said what time, did I?
Right?
You have 12 hours left.
I'm late because of traffic.
I heard you had a rough time
at the showcase.
Attorney Choi.
You asked me
why I was so harsh to my daughter.
This is exactly why.
Honey, my medicine.
Right. On it.
Here.
You know how it is, Attorney Choi.
She's had a rough time
dealing with the press.
I didn't tell Bom
because I didn't want her to worry,
but if she knew
her mom was relying on anti-anxiety meds
to hold it together,
she would've understood a bit.
What should I do?
Isn't there a way to save Jeong Nan-hee
both as an actress
and as a mom?
TASK FORCE FOR SASHIMI
Task force for sashimi!
How expensive is this sashimi
that you even set up an office?
Bluefin tuna? Sea bream?
I've repurposed it.
It's a task force for the grand opening.
What? Wait, Attorney Choi.
MOVING COMPANY
Fresh air is the only good thing here.
This town has no crimes, scams,
people live happily ever after.
Why open a business here...
That plushie.
That massager.
That pencil holder.
Those are all mine.
What the heck?
Do you expect me to stay here alone?
I don't have a friend or a girlfriend.
I can't be alone in this remote place.
That's what
I should be telling you right now.
Then how am I supposed
to add tangsuyuk when I get jjajang?
Who toasts with me when I drink soju?
Who do I share fried rice with,
the essential Korean finale?
I'm fully aware
of the concerns in that situation.
You're hired.
You can start tomorrow.
Thank you.
ATTORNEY CHOI I-JUN
This is why my mom told me
to read a lot of books.
But, seriously, why here?
What's in this nowhere town?
Everything.
Geez, why does time feel like
it's standing still?
He's had all the shots,
so he shouldn't get sick, right?
How much should I feed him?
How many walks a day?
Oh, my. What did he eat to poop that much?
Wow, great job.
What do I do?
It's warm, so it feels weird.
I should wait until it cools down, right?
My goodness.
Give it to me.
No need to cool it down.
Just pick it up.
Moisture check, perfect.
Digestion's great. He's healthy.
Oh, my.
Raising kids starts
with cleaning up their poop.
Good job.
Wait.
Look at this.
It's all bumpy. There's something here.
It's nothing.
Those are Bom-sik's nipples.
I don't think I can do this.
I took him in since he's cute,
not knowing how to raise him.
If I mess up or end up hurting him,
he might resent his mom too.
Mom?
Why?
Did something happen
between you and your mom?
I'm just saying.
What kind of mom
would want to mess up raising her kid?
I made tons of mistakes
when I was raising Han-gyul.
I didn't know how to put a diaper on,
so I put it on backward.
He was crying because he was tired,
but I kept feeding him formula.
Can I give you a parenting tip?
When raising a kid,
as long as you focus on this one thing,
you might make mistakes,
but you'll never fail.
What is that?
Love.
No matter how many mistakes parents make,
if there's love in it,
kids are bound to forgive them.
So don't worry too much.
From what I see, Bom-sik is...
He'll get more love here
than most others get elsewhere.
That's for sure.
Am I right?
Now, go to your mom, Bom-sik.
It's almost done.
It's all done. Bom-sik's house.
Hang out here when you're outside.
-Okay.
-You want to try?
There.
There you go.
Wow.
He seems to like it.
Do you like it?
I got you a house
when everything costs a fortune.
So grow up fast and make me proud, okay?
You did great. Do you like it?
I love you.
I love you, Dad.
Thank you for getting me a house.
Thank you.
Sure.
Bom-sik.
I love you too.
I love you.
Since we love each other,
shall we go for a walk?
Sure, let's go take a walk.
Bom-sik.
Leave him be.
There's only the two of us here.
Even if you work here,
shouldn't you not sneak in
like this at night?
What if the owner finds out?
He said it was fine,
so don't worry about it.
Now, we have one minute left.
Why are you so curious?
Actually, I've got a few guesses.
Is it because I saw your drunken antics?
No.
Or because I keep asking you
what happened in Seoul?
No.
Is it because I acted
as the Heir of the Wasp Family?
Not at all.
Then that must be it.
Well...
Isn't it because
I keep trying to cross the line with you?
It's not because
you might cross the line, Mr. Sun.
What is it, then?
If it's not because
I might cross the line,
what made you that angry?
Ten seconds.
Nine seconds.
I was afraid I might cross the line.
Did you see that, Ms. Bom?
-What's that?
-I'll show you
what happens in Shinsu
when I decide to make myself attractive.
Oh, my. Wait, Mr. Sun!
If it's that hard, then break it.
If what you want is to break the promise,
then I suppose we should.
Some jerk was trying
to break into your house.
You're dead today.
Jump in when needed, step back when not.
If it's about you, I'm always jumping in.
I'll never step back.
Translated by UGKim